[Music]
Spring Fest is an absolutely perfect
time to bring the scat pack as well as
our shakers back to this venue simply
because a lot of the enthusiasm and
passion we have for the heritage of our
brand started right here with these
kinds of consumers which brought to
market the scat pack so the scat pack
vehicles that we have on display here
the charger scat pack specifically is a
good break point between the the Dodge
variants of charger and the SRT variants
of charger the scat pack take the best
of both worlds and put them into the
perfect vehicle up front you can see
some SRP styling in the front of the
vehicle the reason for that is because
the scat pack actually utilizes it for
392 SRP Hemi and we need the big grille
openings in order to cool a big engine
underneath the hood moving through the
vehicle we use the outgoing SRT Brembo
brakes so it's a four pot Brembo brake
system front and rear which has
outstanding brake capabilities we're
talking under 120 feet stop 62 0 320
stops from 100 to zero and a really
really good brake fade resistance at the
race track leading more through the
vehicle we have some SRT inspired
exhaust and also some SRT inspired rear
styling as vehicle as well and that's
for the Aero balance it's just vehicle
behind it's capable of 175 miles an hour
so vehicles of that speed we want to
make sure that we maintain the SRT
functional requirements of the vehicle
and the stability of the vehicle at
those feet the scat pack is something
throughout all of the years has been
incredibly passionate and remains
relevant in the marketplace today if you
look back in the late 60s and 70s of all
the different dodges that we had that
Club was still talked about today and
some of the most iconic vehicles at its
time
now today we brought back that scat pack
opportunity incredible value and
performance on the charger and
challenger and scat package the scat
pack vehicle with 485 horsepower out of
the 392 SRT Hemi engine is absolutely a
drivable package every day of the week
it's the the drivability of the vehicle
is really up to the driver you've got
two feet you've got a gas pedal
cuddlin and a brake pedal and you can't
control it as much as you want it can
drive like a hundred horsepower car can
drive like a 485 horsepower car scat
packs incredibly special really for two
reasons one the vehicle is just dripping
with heritage whether it's the iconic
the emblem sure your accents but
overwhelmingly the horsepower no other
muscle car today offered more horsepower
under 40 grand than the scat pack 485
horsepower 470 pound-feet of torque on
both the charger and a challenger make a
really incredibly and special package
you